Well, praise God, this is healing Sunday.
And has anybody ever been attacked with sickness out here in the crowd?
Hey, man.
Have you ever been through a faith crisis in your health, amen?
And I'm telling you, you may say, what pastor?
I've never been to the doctor.
I'm always healthy, but hold on.
Just wait, because you know, the devil's out here.
The devil's big and bad, but his teeth has been pulled, glory to God.
And he comes out here to come against our finances and come against our health, to come against our relationships.
That's what the devil's trying to come against, amen?
Have you discovered that lately?
And so we're talking about, I'm talking to you about keys and I'm tiling this message, power keys to healing.
Somebody say power keys?
to healing.
See, I'm going to get you guys preaching, amen?
And number one, if we're going to walk in divine health, because there is levels of healing that we can walk in.
And I don't want to be just getting sick and then getting healed and getting sick.
I want to walk in what I call divine health.
That means that with some symptoms come on our bodies, it's leaving our bodies as quick as it comes on.
Amen?
And I believe that you can
You know, strengthen your faith to a point when something attacks you, you can shake it off like Paul shook that snake off when it bit him when he was putting twigs in the fire.
And you can just shake off anything that's coming against you.
You believe that today?
So we're starting off here that if you're gonna walk in divine health, you must make the Word of God your final authority.
What do I mean by that?
I mean that everything has to be run against the Word of God.
Whatever you're encountering, you must have a scripture to combat it.
And if you don't have any scriptures, then you're in a bad place because it's the scriptures that will get you to the next level.
Now we know that Jesus, he went into the wilderness and we're gonna look at Jesus for a little bit and see how he overcame the temptations of the flesh.
Because I'm gonna say this, sickness can be a temptation of the flesh for us to get into doubt and unbelief, for us to speak the wrong things, amen.
And so here in Matthew four, two and three, it says, and when he had fasted for 40 days and 40 nights afterward, he was hungry.
Now, when the tiptor came to him, he said, if you are the son of God, command these stones to become bread.
Notice that the devil didn't come to him until he was hungry.
In other words, until he was at his weakest point.
And the devil will always attack you when you're at your weakest point.
In other words, when you're tired and you're drained, that's why you need to get a lot of rest, amen?
Anybody take power naps out here?
We got some power nap people in here, amen?
And I'm telling you, sometimes you gotta have your power nap
that siesta in the middle of the day.
Why?
Because you can get tired, and when you get tired, you can get cranky.
Anybody ever get cranky out here?
You can get cranky, amen.
And sometimes I wake up cranky in the morning.
I push, I push her to, and say, get up, amen?
That's cranky, my wife.
Okay, no, we'll continue.
But anyway, I have somebody else write my scripture.
She's never cranky, amen?
But anyway, we are always battling the temptations of the flesh.
And so Jesus fasted and fastened will disconnect you from your emotions, amen?
It will get you more connected to God.
Sometimes we might need a fast every once in a while.
I got a couple of minutes on there.
Sometimes we need to just go all out for God and fast.
Matter of fact, that the first of the year, the church does a 21-day fast.
How many people are excited about this 21-day fast?
That's why the church is half-mass in January.
Amen?
No, I'm kidding.
But we're going to be getting ready for a fast coming up.
And I'm telling you, my brother John loves it.
He said, man, I can't wait to fast this time around.
I need a fast score to God.
Is that right, John?
But anyway, and so why?
Because it's always better to suffer together.
Now, I mean, fasting is kind of suffering, isn't it?
So it's always better to, you know, misery loves company.
Nobody wants to fast by themselves.
And we do it all together so we all suffer together, amen?
That's that right.
Glory to God, misery loves company.
But Jesus fasted it and it said that he got hungry and then that's when the devil came to him and said, can you make these, if you are the Son of God, what the devil was doing was questioning who Jesus was.
And whenever you're in the storms of life,
Whenever you're in need, the devil will try to question you who you are in Christ.
And I'm going to say this, you're nothing without Christ, but you're something with him.
We're nothing without him, but we're something with him, amen?
And so he said, make these commande stones and become bread.
And Jesus could have done it.
He could have changed the molecular molecules of that.
stone and turn it to bread, but he answered and said it is written.
Men shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds from the mouth of God.
That's powerful.
So Jesus combated the devil by speaking the word of God.
If you're going to combat those negative thoughts that come to you, you're never going to get healed.
You're always going to be sick.
you're gonna have to combat those negative thoughts with positive words.
You're gonna have to learn to speak the word of God.
And of course, he said, man should not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds out of the mouth of God.
So really, as Christians, our spiritual food is the word of God.
Amen.
And so we gotta understand this.
So Jesus was putting the word first and foremost.
He was making it his final authority when he was in his need.
He was hungry.
He wasn't a need.
Has anybody ever been out in a need out here, amen?
Have anybody been desperate?
Have you ever been desperate out here going to God?
Sometimes we get desperate, but you know, desperate people,
Do desperate things and the most desperate thing you can do is pray glory to God if all else fails pray No, you should pray before all else fails You should we should if you start praying before things start falling apart things will work out You believe that today and then in Matthew 4 5 and 7 said then the devil took him up to the holy city sat him on the pinnacle of the temple and
and said him, notice he says this again, if you are the Son of God, and we know that before Jesus went into the wilderness, the Holy Spirit came upon him like a dove, and the Father said, you are my beloved Son, whom I'm well pleased.
So we know that Jesus was already confirmed by the Father.
I want to say this, you don't have to prove who you are to God.
You don't have to prove anything
of who you are, because you are already proven if you have Jesus on the inside of you.
Can I get a witness?
Amen.
You don't have to work for God's love.
I'm going somewhere this morning.
You don't have to prove yourself out to God.
You don't have to prove yourself to anybody else.
All you have to do is walk in love towards the Lord and towards other people.
And he says, if you be the Son of God, throw yourself for his writ.
He shall give his angels
charge over you in their hands to bear you up.
They should dash your foot against stone.
You know, the devil knows the Bible better than most Christians.
I'm going somewhere this morning.
The devil knows the word of God, but he knows how to twist the word of God.
He knows how to get you to say, well, see this scripture, see, Jesus never really said that.
So maybe it's okay.
But then the rest of the scriptures say not to do it.
But Jesus actually didn't say that you can't do it, but if the rest of the Bible tells you you can't do it, then you can't do it.
Are you hearing what I'm saying to you today?
I'm trying to get some truth to you today, amen?
And so he says here that he was quoting the scripture unless you dash your foot that the angels will take charge of you.
And Jesus said, it is written again, you shall not tempt the Lord your God.
So we're, so tempting God
It's basically going out there doing the wrong things and saying grace will cover me in my sin.
Yes, grace covers you to a certain amount of time, but grace can, you can weary grace in your life.
And I don't want to tempt and test God in my life.
I don't want to keep going the wrong way to see if God's grace will continue to cover my life.
Yes, it will cover it through Him disciplining us, glory to God.
And He will eventually discipline us and get us back into that right place.
But I don't want God disciplining me.
I want to judge myself so I won't be judged.
Amen.
And so He says here that it is written again, you should not tempt the Lord your God.
I give the devil, took him up an exceedingly high mountain and showed him all kingdoms of the world and their glory.
And he said to him, all these things I give you, if you will fall down and worship me.
What is the devil doing?
You know, I hear some of these people with these people in Hollywood and these big singers.
I hear some of them sell their soul to the devil because they want all riches and fame and fortune.
But you know what?
That's only for a short time.
I wanna say this, eternity is like this, and our life is like a vapor like this, and you're gonna give the devil your life for this, and then you're gonna have eternity in hell.
I'll give my life to God in this amount of time, so I can have this amount of time with Him in heaven.
Amen?
And they say that they're people that sell their soul to the devil, and I'm gonna say this, I've sold my soul to Jesus.
I made a commitment to Jesus.
I pick up my cross every day, no turning back, no turning back, no matter what the devil offers me.
I'm telling you, nothing is worth the love of God risking the love and the peace and the joy of God in your life.
And what is the devil after?
He wants you to worship him.
He wants you in a sense, when you don't worship Jesus and you don't have Jesus in your life, you may say, I don't worship the devil, but if you worship yourself, you're in the devil's camp.
Amen.
No, there's only one person that's Jesus, we need to be worshiping.
And in Matthew 14, Jesus said to him, away with you Satan for his written, you shall worship the Lord your God and him only shall you serve.
That's powerful.
So this is interesting because it says here that the devil had the power of the kingdoms of the world.
And you know what?
You could say, no, that's not right.
No, it was given to him by Adam and Eve.
So he had the power to give it to Jesus.
It was a bonafide temptation.
It was a real temptation that he could have gave up, but he wanted Jesus' worship.
And you know, this is interesting to me.
Jesus said this to him, he said here, and I never saw this before.
I preach out these scriptures quite a few times, but I never seen this in here.
He says, away with you, Satan.
See, when the devil comes at you, not only do you speak the scriptures, but you gotta tell them to go.
You gotta tell him where to go.
Command him to leave your life in the name of Jesus and he said to him away with you Satan for his written you shall worship the Lord your God and him only show you serve and I love this because in the amplified Classic it says Jesus said to him be gone Satan for has been written you shall worship the Lord your God and him alone show you serve So we see here that not only when we're being attacked
with maybe physical symptoms, we do speak the word in our wilderness of sickness, but not only we do that, but we have to tell the devil or sickness to get out of our lives.
Did Jesus speak to trees?
He did.
Did they obey him?
Did Jesus speak to waves and the storms?
Jesus spoke to things.
and you can even speak to disease, you can command headaches to leave in Jesus' name.
Have you tried it?
No, I take Advil.
Nothing wrong with Advil.
That's my go-to Advil.
It's okay if you got it, but start practicing on the headaches until you can't take it anymore.
Oh man, it seems to be still lingering.
then go ahead and add Advil with your confession of faith.
But I'm gonna say this, that you have power in your words.
And your words are powerful.
And when you evoke the name of Jesus, the most powerful name in the universe, I'll tell you demons must bow to that name.
Are you using that name?
Are you speaking the name of Jesus?
Sometimes when I lose something in the house, my mom says, did you call on the name of Jesus?
I lost my phone, mom.
Did you call on the name of Jesus?
I lost my wallet.
Did you call it fourth in Jesus' name?
That's my mom.
She's a faith woman, glory to God.
Sometimes I might be down and depressed about the church and she says, you need to get in faith.
I said, yes, ma'am, I need to get in faith, glory to God.
Amen.
And I love this because
Making the word of God your final authority means that every temptation that comes our way, we answer it with the word of God.
Amen?
I like what it says in Psalms 119, 89, forever O Lord your word is settled in heaven.
What does that mean?
That means that God's word is settled.
The Bible also actually says that God puts his word even above his name.
That's powerful.
So God's word is forever settled, which means it's in moveable, which means that the word of God will move whatever problem that's in your life out of your life.
Say amen on that.
Amen, I love that.
And so it's forever settled.
I like the amplified Psalms version of it.
It says forever Lord your word is settled in heaven, standing from unchangeable.
God's word is unchangeable and will change the scene things in our lives.
I'm trying to get it out.
It will change a scene things out of your life.
In other words, amen.
Whatever is telling you is subject to change.
This too shall pass.
Has anybody ever said that?
You ever heard that quote?
This too shall pass.
Selling you might need a circle.
In other words, you're moving closer to God.
You're moving closer to your healing.
You're moving closer to your breakthrough.
You're right there.
You're on the precipice.
I sprayed it more than I said it.
Amen.
The precipice of your breakthrough.
Can I get a witness?
The precipice is the evangelistic way of saying the edge.
the edge of your breakthrough.
Amen.
And number two, if you are going to walk into vine health, you must be convinced it's God's perfect will for you to be healed.
You see, some people, they don't know 100% maybe God's putting this in my life.
to bring me into a closer walk with him.
Maybe this disease is going to glorify God some way.
No, Jesus glorified God when he received stripes on his body for your healing.
Jesus already paid the sacrifice price.
Why do you have to pay for it?
Jesus already paid it.
Amen.
And so you got to get a revelation of that.
And so what Jesus has done for one, he will do for all.
I'm gonna say again, if Jesus has done it for one person, he will do it for another.
In other words, God's not a respecter of persons, the Bible says, but he is a respecter of people that have faith.
God would respect you if anybody got faith in here.
Amen.
And so he says here in Matthew eight, one and three, talk about if God would do it for the one,
He will do it for all, and Jesus was approached by a leper in Matthew 8, 1, and 3.
And he says, when he had come down from the mountain, talking about Jesus, great multitudes followed him, and people to leper came and worship him, saying, Lord, if you are willing, you can make me clean.
Then Jesus put out his hand, touched him, saying, I am willing, be cleansed, and immediately his lepercy was
Clint, I like that word immediate.
Sometimes it doesn't work that way all the time.
Sometimes it's a process of healing.
I wish it was immediate every time I confess the word of God.
That's why sometimes I have to go to that Advil.
But if you keep practicing faith, it will get quicker and quicker.
It'll get easier and easier.
Look at your neighbor say, practice your faith.
And so he says here,
I am willing.
And Jesus said, whatever you see me do, the Father is working in me.
If you see me do it, so Jesus is God in action.
So whatever Jesus did at what he did down here, healing, delivering, sent free, it's what God would do.
And so Jesus was the exact representation of God.
And Jesus said, I am willing.
That means that God is not willing for you to be sick.
He's willing for you to be healed.
Can I get a witness in the house today?
We get a revelation of God's perfect will in John 10-10.
One of my favorite scriptures, the thief does not come except to steal, kill, and destroy.
That's the job description of the devil.
Some people say, well, God put sickness on me.
You got it mixed up.
It's the devil that comes to steal, kill, and destroy.
God doesn't put sickness on you, but a lot of the body of Christ believes that if they get sick, everything that comes in their life is from God.
Do you know a lot of people believe that way?
Because they haven't been taught.
They think anything that's happening in my life, God must be ordaining it so God is
causing it to happen in my life.
No, the devil comes to steal, kill, and destroy, and Jesus has done everything, God has done everything He's already done through the crucifixion and the resurrection of Jesus Christ for you to take care of any problem in your life.
And so He says here, Jesus said, I come that you may have life
that you may have it more abundantly.
So what is the goal?
What is your goal?
The goal as a Christian, I believe, is for us to walk that abundant life that Jesus paid for us to have.
If Jesus paid for it, then I should have it.
Is that right?
If Jesus paid the price, then I need to learn to walk in that abundant life
that Jesus paid for.
And some of you say, well, my life doesn't seem that abundant pastor.
Well, you keep coming to exceed life church.
You keep learning to speak the word pretty soon.
Abundant life, zoe life will come into your life.
Do you believe that today?
Amen.
So this is telling me that God's will is for you to be healed because healing is part of the abundant life.
And then I love that.
So then we know this by the Lord's prayer.
How many people know the Lord's prayer by heart?
Amen, glory to God, amen.
Rest you all pray for you, amen?
No, I'm kidding.
But Matthew 6, the Lord's prayer, our father who art in heaven, I've taught my kids the Lord's prayer.
I pray with my kids at night and we pray to the Lord's prayer.
And Christopher is praying with me and he'll get ahead of me because he wants to show off.
He knows it.
So I'm trying to repeat after me, our Father, our Father, our Father, in heaven, help me that name I came to know that he's out.
I mean, he's out.
He's trying to get back to this Game Boy or whatever.
But he has it down to a science.
I mean, he knows it in and out.
He could probably say it backwards better than the pastor.
Amen.
I'm telling you, I'm raising my kids up in Godly attributes.
Amen?
You gotta train your children up.
You gotta raise them up, glory to God.
I might have to go with a new prayer, maybe the Ephesians prayers.
Amen.
Glory to God.
Something a little longer, a little harder.
Amen.
Glory to God.
Something that he can't just speed pray through.
Any speed prayers out here, you know, you got speed readers.
You know, you can read through real fast, but don't be a speed prayer.
Whatever you do, don't be a speed prayer, amen?
If you're gonna walk in divine health,
Number three, if you're gonna walk into my house, you must believe that Jesus has already paid the price for your healing.
See, what the problem is, and what the problem is, is because we're encountering sickness, we're encountering weakness, we're encountering these weaknesses of the flesh, we don't realize that the price has already been paid.
And we start asking God, God, please heal me.
God, please heal me.
but he has already healed you positionally.
So you need to stop praying God healed me and start thanking him that he has already healed you.
In other words, turn from prayer to praise.
Amen.
Somebody said praise is the highest form of prayer.
So it's a next level prayer, praise.
Especially when things don't seem like you should be praising him over, amen?
And so I love that.
So if we're gonna walk into mind health, we must believe that Jesus already paid the price, that the price has already been paid.
It's like somebody putting money in your bank account.
And they gave you enough money so you can handle your rent for that month or your mortgage for that month.
And it's there, all you gotta do is make a withdrawal.
You don't keep asking that person to give you any transfers that money in.
You just got to learn to make the withdrawal of that finances.
Same thing with healing.
You have to learn to withdraw healing into your equation.
So we know this that healing is a fact because in Isaiah 53, 4, and 5, it says surely.
It starts off surely.
He took our pain and bore our suffering.
In other words, he surely did it, glory God.
He took our pain, bore our suffering, yet we considered him punished by God, stricken by him, and afflicted.
But he was pierced for our transgressions.
He was crushed for our iniquities.
The punishment that brought us peace was on him and by his wounds, we are going to get healed.
Thank you.
Thank you for helping me out this morning.
You guys are sharp, quick.
good looking in a major blessing.
It says that we are healed.
I went to Bible school, and one of my instructors would say, every day you would get us to say, I'm smart, I'm quick, because some of us weren't the sharpest tools in the shed.
So you got to confess that you're quick, that you're sharp, that you're, it's some of you by faith that you're good looking, amen?
By faith, amen?
No, you all are good looking out there, amen?
And so, what am I saying today?
Amen, glory to God.
If you're in Christ, you get better looking.
I'm gonna say that again.
People that are in Christ, I'm telling you, I'm looking younger.
I'm telling you, my youth is renewed like deals.
I'm looking better, glory to God.
I know I look like I'm in my 40s.
Glory to God.
My brother smirking over there, amen, glory to God.
Hallelujah.
Amen.
I'm telling you, a prophet's never welcomed his own home family.
Glory to God.
Amen.
You got to prove it out, amen.
But anyway, he says here that another scripture that reveals that God has already done it.
God already paid the price.
He paid the price.
It says here in Psalms 103, two and four, bless the Lord, O my soul, and forget none of his benefits
who forgives all of your iniquities and who heals all of your diseases.
So I'm going to say this that if God, if he forgives you, forgiveness and healing are connected, then he heals you.
You've got to believe God by faith when you receive Jesus that you're saved and you also got to believe God by faith when you quote the scriptures of healing that you're healed.
And when you speak that you're healed, you've got to speak your healed before you get healed.
I'm going to say again, you've got to speak it first and then actions follow.
The power always follows the speaking of the word.
It's not backwards.
The power hits you and then you speak the word.
Yes, you can speak the word when the power hits you.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
But praise God.
But really the best way and the way that we're gonna do it here is that we're gonna believe God, speak the word, and when we speak the word, angels go on commission.
Angels are at your beck and call.
You believe that today?
If we're gonna walk into divine health, this is a powerful key right here.
We must labor to enter into the rest of the Lord, into God's rest.
We must move from stress
to rest.
What happens when we're dealing with pain or a bad doctor's report?
The devil's trying to put, he's trying to put some fear in us.
He's trying to get some anxiety in us.
The devil's trying to get us thinking, oh my Lord, what am I going to do?
What am I going to do?
You're going to trust God.
That's what you're going to do.
And so just because the doctor gives you a report, that's not the final report.
Who's reporter you're going to believe?
I'm gonna believe the report of the Lord.
And so you're gonna have to make a decision what you're gonna believe.
Are you gonna believe God's word or are you gonna believe the doctor's report?
Now I'm not saying deny the doctor's report or I'm not saying deny the fact that you're dealing with something.
I just say deny the power for it to stay in your body.
Deny the power for it to stay in your body.
In other words, it has to go.
Amen.
Say it has to go.
And I like this because you've got to learn most of the time.
Sometimes we're not praying for people.
Sometimes you come down here for prayer.
And so I'm going to pray for you.
And sometimes people here, they're meaning well.
They're praying in the spirit.
They're trying to get it.
And I try to tell them, stop praying, relax, and rest.
Don't try to make it happen.
Let God make it happen.
Let me pray you receive.
And so it's a really, you have to learn to rest, to receive.
And a lot of times the devil is trying to get us all stressed out.
And if you're stressed out, it's gonna be hard for you to receive.
Amen.
So you have to learn to cast your cares on the Lord.
You say pastor, that's easier said than done.
Yes, it's easier said than done.
I'm not saying it's easy.
Sometimes you gotta say this, I trust you God.
I trust you, God.
When all things are coming against you, when ever in the devil's throne, everything at you in the kitchen sink.
Are you hear what I'm saying to you?
When things are breaking down.
You know what I'm talking about.
You're going to have to learn to say, God, I trust you.
I trust you, even though I don't understand what's going on.
I don't understand why this is happening.
I trust you in the midst of the storms.
And you might as say, I trust you over and over again until peace starts residing on the end.
I trust you, God.
I trust you, Lord.
I believe you're working.
I trust you.
You gotta get kind of serious.
I trust you, God.
Amen.
And I'm telling you, when you start doing that, the nointing and the presence of God comes in.
And he starts confirming your words.
He says, I'm with you.
I got your back.
I'm backing you up.
I'm working with you.
This sickness is not unto death.
He may give you a scripture.
This sickness is not unto death, glory to God.
But it's for the glory of God.
In other words, God's gonna get glory out of him because he's gonna heal you and you're gonna be testifying that Jesus is the healer.
I believe that God gets more glory off of healing than us going home early.
Now he's excited to see us.
The Bible says that God's excited about his saints going home, but you know what?
I think we can give him more glory down here being a witness of healing for him.
Can I get a witness in the house today?
I know sometimes we get tired in our affliction and sometimes the affliction's been in there, but I'm going to say this, don't give up.
Don't say, well, I'm just going to go home early.
Don't do that.
No, there's more for you.
Say there.
Somebody say there's more for me.
God has more for you.
Maybe he has a healing ministry for you.
Oh, I'm going somewhere this morning.
Maybe he wants to raise you up.
The very thing the devil's attacking you with, you're going to pray for people and deliver them from it.
Amen.
I got some amends there.
So it says here in Hebrews four, one and three, therefore since a promise remains entering his rest, let us fear unless any of you seem to have come short of it for indeed the gospel was preached to us as well as to them, but the word which they heard did not profit them, not being mixed with faith in those who heard it.
For we who have believed do enter that rest, underline that.
We who believe do enter that rest.
As he said, so I swore my wrath, they should not enter my rest, although the works were finished from the foundation of the world.
So we see here that the Israelites, you know, we know a generation died in the wilderness.
Of course that would have never been any of us.
We would have made it into our promised land.
Amen.
If we were back then, amen.
Amen, I'm speaking my faith, amen.
But we were not a grumbled and complained in the tense, amen?
We would have that Joshua spirit that came of spirit that's gonna enter that promised land, glory to God.
So I'm looking at people with Caleb's spirits, with Joshua's spirits, glory to God.
You're not gonna die in the wilderness.
You're gonna mix faith with the word of God.
And when you mix faith with the Word of God, you enter the rest of the Lord.
In other words, you let go and let God.
That's when you say, I trust you God.
No matter if hell or high water, I trust you God.
Amen?
Glory to God.
Somebody say that, I trust you God.
and we gotta trust them.
In 1 Peter 5, 7, casting some of your cares and give some of them to the Lord.
Notice, as casting all your cares, this is amplified, all your anxieties, all your worries, all your concerns.
That's a lot.
Pastor, you're telling me, all cares, all anxieties, all worries, all concerns, I think that hits it all.
That hits it all.
What's it all on him
for he cares about you with deepest affection and he watches over you very carefully.
Glory to God.
You know, I love it with Jesus when he was talking about that, entering the rest.
You know, Jesus was on the cross and he was being crucified on the cross, but he entered that rest right at the very end when he cried out in Luke 23, 46.
He cried out with a loud voice.
He said, father, in your hands, I commit my spirit.
And heaven said this, he breathed his last.
He trusted God to the very end.
Jesus trusted God and he released his spirit to the Lord.
Amen.
And so we see this.
So sometimes we need to say, Lord, I'm committing my spirit unto you.
I'm releasing it all to you.
You got this.
Amen.
I like this.
If we're going to walk into divine health,
We must have faith in God's love for us.
I was listening to a sermon last week, and all the other apostles died martyr's death, except for John.
And the minister was talking about how John, John was so caught up and he would say in his writings, I'm the disciple that Jesus loves.
And he just didn't say that once.
He said that a few times.
I'm the disciple.
I don't know about the rest of these guys.
But I'm the one that Jesus really digs.
Jesus digs me.
Jesus really loves me.
Amen.
And so, and he was so caught up in Jesus.
He was the only one that laid on Jesus' breast right at the last supper.
He was the only one, he was one of the few disciples that was at the foot of the cross.
He was there and he was the one that had to take care of Jesus' mother.
Think about that.
John, John, think about that.
I love that.
And so John was caught up in the love of Jesus for him.
You need to get caught up more of God's love for you than your love for him.
I'm going somewhere today.
You need to get caught up on the love that God has for you more than you trying to love God.
I'm trying to love you God.
Now get a revelation that God loves you even when you are a little stinker.
Even when you do some things wrong,
God loves you.
In first shot, 419.
Oh, let me just say it this way.
And we know this that John the Apostle that bragged about Jesus' love, tradition says that he was boiled in oil.
And you know what?
They couldn't kill him.
They had to banish him on an island.
And God gave him some more time to spin with him and write that book of Revelation.
And so I love this, and I believe that that oil didn't even burn him or didn't even scar him, glory to God.
In other words, they were just amazed that he could handle boiling hot oil, glory to God.
And they took him out and he said, thank you for that sauna, that hot tub experience.
Can I have another?
Amen.
He didn't bother him at all.
It was a hot tub experience for John.
Anybody like hot tubs out here, glory to God.
I'm telling you, a good, nice jacuzzi is always nice every once in a while.
If you don't, I encourage you to jump in one every once in one of my brother, John Oone's one, glory to God.
That's why he's always relaxed, glory to God.
He's in that jacuzzi every night, probably glory to God.
He said, it's a really nice way of snowing out there and you're in the jacuzzi.
It's outside, glory to God.
I don't know, is that right?
Amen, it's the best.
but you can see your breath in the air and you're in that hot jacuzzi, glory to God.
And don't go out buying one after the end of this service, amen?
So if we're gonna walk into divine health, we must have faith in God's love for us.
In Romans 8, 31 and 32, it says, what then shall we say in these things?
If God is for us, who can be against us?
If God's for you, it doesn't matter how many people, a thousand gonna be ready to get you, it doesn't matter.
You've got God and God has the armies of heaven at your beck and call.
That's angels.
Amen.
So if God's for you, it doesn't matter who's against you.
And he says, who did not spare his own son, but deliver him up for us all?
How shall he not with him freely give us all things?
Then he goes on to say this, Paul goes on to say this, who shall bring a charge against God's elect?
Is God who justifies?
Who is he who condemns?
So it's a devil, we know, it's the conifer.
And it's Christ who died and furthermore also risen, who is even at the right hand of God, who also makes intercession for us, who shall separate us from the love of Christ, show tribulation, distress, persecution, or famine, or neckiness, or prayer, or sword.
No, no.
None of these things can separate us from the love of God that's in Christ Jesus.
Glory to God.
We're in Christ Jesus and God loves us.
and God loves you.
If we're going to walk into divine health, I'm going to add this.
We must take communion every day.
If you're dealing with a serious physical element, I want to encourage you to take communion.
Amen.
And you can take communion at home.
You can get some juice and bread.
You don't have to wait till Sunday morning, first Sunday of Eve.
You can take communion at home with your spouse or single glory to God.
And I believe we know this, that the Bible says,
And Corinthians, Paul is warning people not to take communion in unworthy manner.
And we know that they weren't discerning the body and they were treating one another really mean.
And the Bible says when we treat people really mean, judgment can fall and some of these people died early, okay?
But what's the opposite?
If we're walking in love and we're walking in love with God and love with people and we're not holding any grudges and we're not holding any bitterness, then the opposite must happen.
If people died, then you must live longer.
Amen?
So if you take communion in a worthy manner, then you're partaking of life.
And John 648, it says here, talking about communion, I am the bread of life.
This is Jesus speaking.
Your father's ate the man in the wilderness and are dead.
This is the bread which comes down from heaven.
That one may eat of it and not die.
I am living bread.
which came down from heaven.
If anyone eats of this bread, he will live forever.
Amen?
And the bread that I shall give him, my flesh, which I shall give for the life of the world, then Jesus said to them, most sure I said to you, unless you eat the flesh of the Son of man and drink his blood, you have no life in you.
Whoever eats my flesh, drinks my blood, has eternal life.
And I will raise them up on the last day.
from my flesh is food indeed, and my blood is drink indeed."
I know it sounds a little morbid to the normal person.
Like that sounds like cannibalism.
No, it's about God.
It's about Jesus infusing himself in us.
I'm saying again, it's about Jesus infusing himself in us.
And we see this that he says that taking communion is eternal life.
You're partaking of the body of Jesus symbolically.
You are partaking of the body of Jesus.
It's a symbol.
Some people believe in transmutation that it actually changes in your mouth to Jesus' body.
If you want to believe that, that's more power to you.
But I believe it's more of a symbol of Jesus.
But I believe there is an anointing on the bread and there's an anointing on the cup.
And that anointing on the bread and the anointing of the cup will give you eternal, abundant, blessed life.
Do you believe that today?
So start taking communion.
If you're dealing with a serious ailment, if you're dealing with something that you got to keep believing God to heal.
If you're going to walk in divine health, you must take authority over negative thoughts, doubt and unbelief.
Sometimes when we're encountering the weaknesses of the flesh or the same symptoms that don't seem to be going away, sometimes we can lose heart and we start speaking.
I don't know if God really wants to heal me.
Sometimes we can start speaking negative things out of our mouth.
You gotta hold that, bite in your lip.
Don't allow the wrong things to come out of your mouth when you're in that trial of your faith.
Amen.
And then if you do allow the wrong things, repent as quick as you can and start speaking the right things, pull up because your words are seeds and they will grow.
And they will grow.
The more you plant, it would be planted in your heart as you speak.
And so you want to pull out the bad seeds and you want to plant good seeds because you want a good harvest to reap.
Can I get a witness now today?
So if you're going to walk in divine health,
You must put on the armor of God every day to stand against the works of the devil.
I love this because the armor of God is powerful and Ephesians 6, 10 to 13 is as finely brethren.
Be strong in the Lord and in the power of His might.
Put on the whole armor of God that you may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil, for we do not wrestle against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers,
against rulers of darkness of this age, against spiritual hosts of wickedness and heavenly places.
So you see, there's a lot of devils that are trying to ray itself against the body of Christ.
That's the reason God gives us armor and we need to put that armor on.
We need to put on the helmet of salvation and the breastplate of righteousness and we need to gird our loins with truth.
We need to shot our feet with peace
We need to pick up the shield of faith, glory to God.
That will cause the fiery darts to bounce off.
And we need to wield the sword of the word, glory to God.
And when you're doing these things, you're gonna see divine health working in your life.
If you're gonna walk into divine health, you must learn to praise God in the storms of life.
The hardest thing to do is to praise God when wrong things are happening.
That is one of the most difficult things on the flesh.
Sometimes you just gotta, you gotta just do it, amen?
And you may have to do it when you got all sorts of pressure on you, you gotta do it.
And when you do it, it shuts down the enemy.
When you praise God, even though you don't feel like it, even though all hell's breaking loose, I'm telling you, it will shut down the devil in his tracks.
Do you believe that today?
I remember listening to one story of this one woman that was praying for healing and she got a vision.
And in the vision it was two scales and prayer was heavy and praise was light.
And in that vision the angel spoke to her as when your praise equals your prayers you will have your healing.
In other words, so some of us are prayers are really heavy.
Oh man, I'm a prayer.
I can pray.
Yeah, but can you praise?
Oh, I'm praying.
Good.
I'm glad you're good prayer warriors, but can you praise?
Can you give God a glory to God?
Can you give them a praise even though we don't feel like in Paul and Silas in the book of Acts, they were thrown in prison.
They were beat for preaching.
They were doing the good, they were doing the right things.
They were doing ministry, amen?
And they got thrown in jail.
But the midnight hour Paul and Silas prayed and God shook the prison in Acts 16, 25 through 26, shook the prisons and all the doors opened up.
I'm telling you, praise will unlock the healing power in God's life for you.
If you're going to walk into divine health, you must be open to God's wisdom and correction.
This is powerful.
We want to be open to God's wisdom and correction in James 1, 5, and 8.
If any of you lacks wisdom, let him ask of God who gives all liberally without reproach and will be given to him.
Let him ask in faith without doubting.
For he doubts is like a wave of the sea driven toss, by the wind.
For let not that man, suppose you will receive anything for the Lord.
He's a double minded man, unstable in his all his way.
So he's saying here that we praise God and for some reason we're still not seeing it, then ask God for some wisdom.
Maybe God wants to show you something.
Maybe it's something natural God may want you to do.
I remember that brother Copeland was preaching, he was having headaches.
And he was drinking coffee.
And he was drinking coffee and having headaches.
And he loved his coffee.
And the Lord said it's the coffee.
It's the coffee.
He was fasting and drinking coffee while he was fasting.
Amen.
He loved his coffee.
I mean people love coffee out here, Lord of God.
And sometimes you can overdo it in an area.
Sometimes you can just drink too much coffee.
What pastor?
There's never too much coffee.
Sometimes you can just overdo it.
And he was overdoing in the coffee thing, amen?
And the Lord said, if you back off that coffee, the headaches were back off.
Sometimes we might just need some natural wisdom in dealing with the things in this life.
And number 11, if we're gonna walk into divine health, we must get a vision
of healing, inspired the symptoms we're feeling.
Get a younger picture of yourself, amen.
And start focusing on a younger picture when you were healthy.
And start looking at that picture saying, that's where I'm going to.
Right now you might be riddled and rattled with some kind of disease that's trying to attack your body, but you start focusing, take a picture
Focus on where you're going and you will get there now faith is a substance of things hope for the evidence of things not seen So if you learn to do these powerful keys You'll walk in divine health to recap ready for me recap to recap if you're gonna walk in divine health You must put God's work first place if you're gonna walk in divine health you must know it's God's perfect will and
for you to be healed.
If you're gonna walk in divine health, you must believe Jesus has already paid the price.
If you're gonna walk in divine health, you must rest to pass the test.
If you're gonna walk in divine health, you must have faith in God's love for us.
If you're gonna walk in divine health, do communion every day.
If you're gonna walk in divine health, take authority over negative thoughts.
If you're gonna walk in divine health, put the armor of God on.
If you're gonna walk in divine health, learn to praise God in the midst of the storm.
If you're gonna walk in divine health,
You must be open to God's wisdom and correction.
And if you're going to walk in divine health, you must get a vision of healing in your lives.
Did you receive it this morning?
I'm telling you guys, you're looking healthier and healthier, more healthier at the end of this service.
And at the beginning, glory to God.
I'm telling you, you're looking radiant, glory to God, radiant, glory to God.
So let's bow our heads and prayer.
Father, I thank you.
for your mercies and your goodness today.
I thank you for those that are watching and listening and those in the audience.
And perhaps you've never made a confession.
Maybe you don't have Jesus in your life and you might be watching for the first or listening for the first time.
And you never made a faith confession that Jesus is Lord.
For you don't walk in healing.
You must make Jesus the Lord of your life.
and receive all that he paid for.
So if that's you and you've never made a confession of faith for salvation, today is the day.
Just say this out loud and mean your heart, say dear God, I believe Jesus died on the cross for my sins.
I believe Jesus was raised in the dead to save me.
Jesus, I receive you as my Lord, my Savior, my healer,
and my deliverer.
Thank you for receiving me.
And Heavenly Father, fill me with your Holy Spirit in Jesus' name.
And we all say amen.
Thank you for tuning in.
If you don't have a good church, home, come out, be a part of the C-Life Church.
If you're not here locally, find one locally that you can attend so your faith can grow.
And thank you for being part of it.
We'll see you next week.
God bless you.